Latest News - June 15, 2026

1. US-Iran Peace Deal Signed
Global markets have rallied following news of a peace deal between the United States and Iran, which is scheduled to be formally signed on June 19, 2026. The agreement has brought increased optimism to energy markets, though some analysts express concerns regarding its long-term impact on American influence in the Middle East.

2. Canadian Government Eliminates Human Rights Watchdog
The Canadian government has eliminated the Office of the Ombudsperson for Responsible Enterprise. The watchdog was previously tasked with overseeing Canadian companies operating abroad, but was shut down citing a lack of effectiveness.

3. Missouri Plane Crash Investigation
An investigation is underway by the FAA and NTSB following a tragic plane crash near Butler, Missouri. The incident resulted in the deaths of 12 people, including a pilot and 11 skydivers.

4. Presidential and Political Updates in the US
- President Donald Trump issued an 11th-hour endorsement for Mike Collins in Georgia's Republican U.S. Senate race.
- President Trump signed a $70 billion funding package for ICE and the Border Patrol to be distributed over the next three years.

5. Missing Kansas Dentist Found
Authorities recovered the body of missing Kansas dentist, Dr. Steven Lieurance, from his vehicle in Table Rock lake.

6. Higher Education Tuition Hikes in Kansas
The Kansas Board of Regents is scheduled to vote this week on proposed tuition increases at five of the state's six universities.

7. Retrenchment Rise in Singapore
Singapore reported an increase in retrenchments during the first quarter of 2026, primarily driven by business reorganization and restructuring, even as the overall labor market saw employment growth.

8. Malaysian PM Condemns Divisive Campaigns
Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim has urged the Malaysian public to reject political campaigns intended to divide the nation. In other news from Malaysia, online scam cases were reported to have surged by 87% in 2025.

9. Cabo Verde's World Cup Debut
Cabo Verde made a notable impression during its World Cup debut, with supporters celebrating the team's performance in Atlanta.
